In: My dream is

p = .90
My dream is that if we make it easier for people to join the political and economic power of the working class, the people will have the power to stand with the working class.
My dream is that our democracy and our constitutional rights be respected everywhere, not denied. #FCC
My dream is that if we don't get our act together, we can take on the NRA, which has its real agenda down the hall.
My dream is that our young people will be able to go to college and make their voices heard.
My dream is that the Supreme Court finally takes care of veterans and takes them on, not making cuts that make them even less secure and privatizing them.
My dream is to live in a country that celebrates all of our people, not divides them by their race or religion.
My dream is that we have millions of people who are working for starvation wages, that they can afford to eat their damn own blood, that they can feed their kids and grandchildren. That is what America is about.
My dream is that we could cancel all student debt and create millions of jobs. We must do that.
My dream is to have everyone have health care.
My dream is that when the middle class becomes competitive, we can create an economy that works for all of us, not the 1%.

p = .80
My dream is that we make a nation that values human life, not just wealth and power.
My dream is that our kids learn from my teachers.
My dream is that we create millions of decent-paying jobs in America.
My dream is that as soon as we get to a fair society that we stand together and do what the majority of Americans want us to do, the majority of Americans want us to do what the majority of Americans want us to do.
My dream is that when you see people working hard for justice, you're not seeing people trying to suppress the vote. You're seeing people trying to suppress the vote.
My dream is that we all have the courage to stand together and do the right thing.
My dream is to see that in the U.S. Congress and every other nation on Earth, we start treating all of our people with the respect and the respect that they deserve.
My dream is that we have the same amount of wealth inequality as we have today.
My dream is that this country can create jobs and education for all of our people, not more jails and incarceration.
My dream is that we do everything we can to prevent an economy that will continue to fail and explode like the Great Depression.

p = .70
My dream is that we create an economy that works for all of us, not just the top 1%.
My dream is that we finally address the existential threat of climate change and transform our energy system away from fossil fuels.
My dream is to see democracy and an end to all forms of racism.
My dream is that we have the most productive economy in the world, and yet people have been working longer hours for lower wages and conditions. That is not a radical idea.
My dream is that every major country, including ours, will have a president who will fight for a progressive agenda.
My dream is that we all go to college and get a better education.
My dream is to hear from every single one of you who believes that the U.S. is going to end the horrors of slavery.
My dream is to see a world where we can create the kind of people that we want.
My dream is to see people standing up and fighting back. That is what I've been doing.
My dream is to help transform our energy system away from fossil fuels. #ForwardOnClimate

p = .60
My dream is that we will have millions of young people who have a path to citizenship and that will create a vibrant democracy.
My dream is that if we can afford to take care of each other, we can come together to create a world where all of us can live a healthy and productive lives.
My dream is that if we can make college tuition free, maybe we can make college tuition free.
My dream is that if we are serious about making the United States of America great, we can join every other major country on Earth and guarantee health care to all our people as a right.
My dream is that we can bring people together and say, "You can’t get involved in the political process."
My dream is that we would abolish the death penalty.
My dream is that in the next 10 years we will be able to guarantee health care to all people.
My dream is that the American people will finally have the guts to stand up to the fossil fuel industry.
My dream is that if you are a senior living in poverty, you can get a higher education and a decent life than you can possibly imagine.
My dream is that if we can afford to provide free health care to all of our people, we can afford to cancel all medical bills and end the outrageous greed of the pharmaceutical industry.

p = .50
My dream is that we can guarantee health care to all people as a right.
My dream is that we, as a nation, will be stronger and more humane in condemning the brutal Saudi-led war in Yemen.
My dream is that in America, the middle class of this country will look back and say, "What was my dream?”
My dream is that we will have a government that represents all of us, not just the 1%.
My dream is that every man, woman and child in this country should have the right to health care.
My dream is that if we can afford to provide health care to every person in America, we can afford to create a world where everyone has health care.
My dream is that we will abolish the death penalty and abolish capital punishment.
My dream is that we have a government that represents all of us, not just the 1%.
My dream is that in the future, we will not have a president who is prepared to put the lives of our children at risk to protect our nation’s future.
My dream is that we will have a government that represents all of us, not just the top 1%.

Prompt: I think that Donald Trump..
p=0.90
I think that Donald Trump should answer the question that he gave to the American people and not the fossil fuel industry: What kind of country is our energy system transitioning to renewable energy?
I think that Donald Trump should apologize. The Republican party cannot continue to ignore the callousness of Trump. It is time to start listening to the American people, not the big-money campaign contributors.
I think that Donald Trump and the Republican Party are trying to divide us up and divide us up.
I think that Donald Trump is delusional and has a bad relationship with Russia.
I think that Donald Trump is an extremely dangerous person.
I think that Donald Trump is going to be dead wrong about Syria. The people of this country must have the guts to fight for a government which reflects the needs of every American.
I think that Donald Trump’s proposal to cut the so-called ‘Social Security benefits is a bad deal for people who got those benefits, but not for people who were promised they would.
I think that Donald Trump's "family values" are a bit hypocritical. He seems to think he is entitled to what is in his food.
I think that Donald Trump and his cabinet of billionaires have chosen to serve billionaires rather than ordinary people.
I think that Donald Trump and the Republican Party want to give the people of Puerto Rico a chance to rest, rebuild and improve their island.

Prompt: I hope that in the future
I hope that in the future, if we are truly concerned about climate change, our Congress will listen to scientists and not simply the fossil fuel industries.
I hope that in the future we are going to be a country where we have the intelligence, leadership, and the skills to be a nation of the unindicted, and where a decent, lawless President of the United States is going to be able to lead us in the direction we need to go.
I hope that in the future Congress will stand up for the American people, too.
I hope that in the future Congress will take a stronger interest in the job-creating U.S. economy than Mitch McConnell does.
I hope that in the future all people will have the freedom to control their own bodies.
I hope that in the future, working people in this country and throughout the world will come together and say, “This is absolutely the right of all people.”... I applaud those who stood with us today and today and today to stand with those in this struggle.
I hope that in the future Mr. Trump will join me and the rest of the world’s leaders and say clearly: We will not let you destroy the earth. You can’t leave us behind.
I hope that in the future, Republicans will start talking about health care as a right.
I hope that in the future Congress will listen to the scientific community and make sure every American has access to quality health care as a right.
I hope that in the future we will work with every major country, not just China, and not just in a few countries.